Enter a word: me
ME
Me, pron.

Defn: One. See Men, pron. [Obs.] Chaucer.

ME
Me, pers. pron. Etym: [AS. m, dat. & acc., mec, acc. only ; akin to
D. mij, G. mich, Icel. & Goth. mik, L. me, Gr. ma, mam. Mine.]

Defn: The person speaking, regarded as an object; myself; a pronoun
of the first person used as the objective and dative case of the
pronoum I; as, he struck me; he gave me the money, or he gave the
money to me; he got me a hat, or he got a hat for me.

Note: In methinks, me is properly in the dative case, and the verb is
impersonal, the construction being, it appears to me. In early use me
was often placed before forms of the verb to be with an adjective;
as, me were lief.
Me rather had my heart might frrl your love Than my unpleased eye see
your courtesy. Shak.

Enter a word: free
FREE
Free, a. [Compar. Freer; superl. Freest.] Etym: [OE. fre, freo, AS.
freó, fri; akin to D. vrij, OS. & OHG. fri, G. frei, Icel. fri, Sw. &
Dan. fri, Goth. freis, and also to Skr. prija beloved, dear, fr. pri
to love, Goth. frij. Cf. Affray, Belfry, Friday, Friend, Frith
inclosure.]

1. Exempt from subjection to the will of others; not under restraint,
control, or compulsion; able to follow one's own impulses, desires,
or inclinations; determining one's own course of action; not
dependent; at liberty.
That which has the power, or not the power, to operate, is that alone
which is or is not free. Locke.

2. Not under an arbitrary or despotic government; subject only to
fixed laws regularly and fairly administered, and defended by them
from encroachments upon natural or acquired rights; enjoying
political liberty.

3. Liberated, by arriving at a certain age, from the control of
parents, guardian, or master.

4. Not confined or imprisoned; released from arrest; liberated; at
liberty to go.
Set an unhappy prisoner free. Prior.

5. Not subjected to the laws of physical necessity; capable of
voluntary activity; endowed with moral liberty; -- said of the will.
Not free, what proof could they have given sincere Of true
allegiance, constant faith, or love. Milton.

6. Clear of offense or crime; guiltless; innocent.
My hands are guilty, but my heart is free. Dryden.

7. Unconstrained by timidity or distrust; unreserved; ingenuous;
frank; familiar; communicative.
He was free only with a few. Milward.

8. Unrestrained; immoderate; lavish; licentious; -- used in a bad
sense.
The critics have been very free in their censures. Felton.
A man may live a free life as to wine or women. Shelley.

9. Not close or parsimonious; liberal; open-handed; lavish; as, free
with his money.

10. Exempt; clear; released; liberated; not encumbered or troubled
with; as, free from pain; free from a burden; -- followed by from,
or, rarely, by of.
Princes declaring themselves free from the obligations of their
treaties. Bp. Burnet.

11. Characteristic of one acting without restraint; charming; easy.

12. Ready; eager; acting without spurring or whipping; spirited; as,
a free horse.

13. Invested with a particular freedom or franchise; enjoying certain
immunities or privileges; admitted to special rights; -- followed by
of.
He therefore makes all birds, of every sect, Free of his farm.
Dryden.

14. Thrown open, or made accessible, to all; to be enjoyed without
limitations; unrestricted; not obstructed, engrossed, or
appropriated; open; -- said of a thing to be possessed or enjoyed;
as, a free school.
Why, sir, I pray, are not the streets as free For me as for you Shak.

15. Not gained by importunity or purchase; gratuitous; spontaneous;
as, free admission; a free gift.

16. Not arbitrary or despotic; assuring liberty; defending individual
rights against encroachment by any person or class; instituted by a
free people; -- said of a government, institutions, etc.

17. (O. Eng. Law)

Defn: Certain or honorable; the opposite of base; as, free service;
free socage. Burrill.

18. (Law)

Defn: Privileged or individual; the opposite of common; as, a free
fishery; a free warren. Burrill.

19. Not united or combined with anything else; separated; dissevered;
unattached; at liberty to escape; as, free carbonic acid gas; free
cells. Free agency, the capacity or power of choosing or acting
freely, or without necessity or constraint upon the will.
 -- Free bench (Eng. Law), a widow's right in the copyhold lands of
her husband, corresponding to dower in freeholds.
 -- Free board (Naut.), a vessel's side between water line and
gunwale.
 -- Free bond (Chem.), an unsaturated or unemployed unit, or bond, of
affinity or valence, of an atom or radical.
 -- Free-borough men (O.Eng. Law). See Friborg.
 -- Free chapel (Eccles.), a chapel not subject to the jurisdiction
of the ordinary, having been founded by the king or by a subject
specially authorized. [Eng.] Bouvier.
 -- Free charge (Elec.), a charge of electricity in the free or
statical condition; free electricity.
 -- Free church. (a) A church whose sittings are for all and without
charge. (b) An ecclesiastical body that left the Church of Scotland,
in 1843, to be free from control by the government in spiritual
matters.
 -- Free city, or Free town, a city or town independent in its
government and franchises, as formerly those of the Hanseatic league.
 -- Free cost, freedom from charges or expenses. South.
 -- Free and easy, unconventional; unrestrained; regardless of
formalities. [Colloq.] "Sal and her free and easy ways." W. Black.
 -- Free goods, goods admitted into a country free of duty.
 -- Free labor, the labor of freemen, as distinguished from that of
slaves.
 -- Free port. (Com.) (a) A port where goods may be received and
shipped free of custom duty. (b) A port where goods of all kinds are
received from ships of all nations at equal rates of duty.
 -- Free public house, in England, a tavern not belonging to a
brewer, so that the landlord is free to brew his own beer or purchase
where he chooses. Simmonds.
 -- Free school. (a) A school to which pupils are admitted without
discrimination and on an equal footing. (b) A school supported by
general taxation, by endowmants, etc., where pupils pay nothing for
tuition; a public school.
 -- Free services (O.Eng. Law), such feudal services as were not
unbecoming the character of a soldier or a freemen to perform; as, to
serve under his lord in war, to pay a sum of money, etc. Burrill.
 -- Free ships, ships of neutral nations, which in time of war are
free from capture even though carrying enemy's goods.
 -- Free socage (O.Eng. Law), a feudal tenure held by certain
services which, though honorable, were not military. Abbott.
 -- Free States, those of the United States before the Civil War, in
which slavery had ceased to exist, or had never existed.
 -- Free stuff (Carp.), timber free from knots; clear stuff.
 -- Free thought, that which is thought independently of the
authority of others.
 -- Free trade, commerce unrestricted by duties or tariff
regulations.
 -- Free trader, one who believes in free trade.
 -- To make free with, to take liberties with; to help one's self to.
[Colloq.] -- To sail free (Naut.), to sail with the yards not braced
in as sharp as when sailing closehauled, or close to the wind.

FREE
Free, adv.

1. Freely; willingly. [Obs.]
I as free forgive you As I would be forgiven. Shak.

2. Without charge; as, children admitted free.

FREE
Free, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Freed; p. pr. & vb. n. Freeing.] Etym: [OE.
freen, freoien, AS. freógan. See Free, a.]

1. To make free; to set at liberty; to rid of that which confines,
limits, embarrasses, oppresses, etc.; to release; to disengage; to
clear; -- followed by from, and sometimes by off; as, to free a
captive or a slave; to be freed of these inconveniences. Clarendon.
Our land is from the rage of tigers freed. Dryden.
Arise, . . . free thy people from their yoke. Milton.

2. To remove, as something that confines or bars; to relieve from the
constraint of.
This master key Frees every lock, and leads us to his person. Dryden.

3. To frank. [Obs.] Johnson.

Enter a word: master
MASTER
Mast"er, n. (Naut.)

Defn: A vessel having (so many) masts; -- used only in compounds; as,
a two-master.

MASTER
Mas"ter, n. Etym: [OE. maistre, maister, OF. maistre, mestre, F.
maître, fr. L. magister, orig. a double comparative from the root of
magnus great, akin to Gr. Maestro, Magister, Magistrate, Magnitude,
Major, Mister, Mistress, Mickle.]

1. A male person having another living being so far subject to his
will, that he can, in the main, control his or its actions; --
formerly used with much more extensive application than now. (a) The
employer of a servant. (b) The owner of a slave. (c) The person to
whom an apprentice is articled. (d) A sovereign, prince, or feudal
noble; a chief, or one exercising similar authority. (e) The head of
a household. (f) The male head of a school or college. (g) A male
teacher. (h) The director of a number of persons performing a
ceremony or sharing a feast. (i) The owner of a docile brute, --
especially a dog or horse. (j) The controller of a familiar spirit or
other supernatural being.

2. One who uses, or controls at will, anything inanimate; as, to be
master of one's time. Shak.
Master of a hundred thousand drachms. Addison.
We are masters of the sea. Jowett (Thucyd. ).

3. One who has attained great skill in the use or application of
anything; as, a master of oratorical art.
Great masters of ridicule. Maccaulay.
No care is taken to improve young men in their own language, that
they may thoroughly understand and be masters of it. Locke.

4. A title given by courtesy, now commonly pronounced mìster, except
when given to boys; -- sometimes written Mister, but usually
abbreviated to Mr.

5. A young gentleman; a lad, or small boy.
Where there are little masters and misses in a house, they are
impediments to the diversions of the servants. Swift.

6. (Naut.)

Defn: The commander of a merchant vessel; -- usually called captain.
Also, a commissioned officer in the navy ranking next above ensign
and below lieutenant; formerly, an officer on a man-of-war who had
immediate charge, under the commander, of sailing the vessel.

7. A person holding an office of authority among the Freemasons, esp.
the presiding officer; also, a person holding a similar office in
other civic societies. Little masters, certain German engravers of
the 16th century, so called from the extreme smallness of their
prints.
 -- Master in chancery, an officer of courts of equity, who acts as
an assistant to the chancellor or judge, by inquiring into various
matters referred to him, and reporting thereon to the court.
 -- Master of arts, one who takes the second degree at a university;
also, the degree or title itself, indicated by the abbreviation M.
A., or A. M.
 -- Master of the horse, the third great officer in the British
court, having the management of the royal stables, etc. In ceremonial
cavalcades he rides next to the sovereign.
 -- Master of the rolls, in England, an officer who has charge of the
rolls and patents that pass the great seal, and of the records of the
chancery, and acts as assistant judge of the court. Bouvier. Wharton.
 -- Past master, one who has held the office of master in a lodge of
Freemasons or in a society similarly organized.
 -- The old masters, distinguished painters who preceded modern
painters; especially, the celebrated painters of the 16th and 17th
centuries.
 -- To be master of one's self, to have entire self-control; not to
be governed by passion.
 -- To be one's own master, to be at liberty to act as one chooses
without dictation from anybody.

Note: Master, signifying chief, principal, masterly, superior,
thoroughly skilled, etc., is often used adjiectively or in compounds;
as, master builder or master-builder, master chord or master-chord,
master mason or master-mason, master workman or master-workman,
master mechanic, master mind, master spirit, master passion, etc.
Throughout the city by the master gate. Chaucer.
Master joint (Geol.), a quarryman's term for the more prominent and
extended joints traversing a rock mass.
 -- Master key, a key adapted to open several locks differing
somewhat from each other; figuratively, a rule or principle of
general application in solving difficulties.
 -- Master lode (Mining), the principal vein of ore.
 -- Master mariner, an experienced and skilled seaman who is
certified to be competent to command a merchant vessel.
 -- Master sinew (Far.), a large sinew that surrounds the hough of a
horse, and divides it from the bone by a hollow place, where the
windgalls are usually seated.
 -- Master singer. See Mastersinger.
 -- Master stroke, a capital performance; a masterly achievement; a
consummate action; as, a master stroke of policy.
 -- Master tap (Mech.), a tap for forming the thread in a screw
cutting die.
 -- Master touch. (a) The touch or skill of a master. Pope. (b) Some
part of a performance which exhibits very skillful work or treatment.
"Some master touches of this admirable piece." Tatler.
 -- Master work, the most important work accomplished by a skilled
person, as in architecture, literature, etc.; also, a work which
shows the skill of a master; a masterpiece.
 -- Master workman, a man specially skilled in any art, handicraft,
or trade, or who is an overseer, foreman, or employer.

MASTER
Mas"ter, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Mastered; p. pr. vb. n. Mastering.]

1. To become the master of; to subject to one's will, control, or
authority; to conquer; to overpower; to subdue.
Obstinacy and willful neglects must be mastered, even though it cost
blows. Locke.

2. To gain the command of, so as to understand or apply; to become an
adept in; as, to master a science.

3. To own; to posses. [Obs.]
The wealth That the world masters. Shak.

MASTER
Mas"ter, v. i.

Defn: To be skillful; to excel. [Obs.]

Enter a word: heterogeneous
HETEROGENEOUS
Het`er*o*ge"ne*ous, a. Etym: [Gr. kin: cf. F. hétérogène.]

Defn: Differing in kind; having unlike qualities; possessed of
different characteristics; dissimilar; -- opposed to homogeneous, and
said of two or more connected objects, or of a conglomerate mass,
considered in respect to the parts of which it is made up.
 -- Het`er*o*ge"ne*ous*ly, adv.
 -- Het`er*o*ge"ne*ous*ness, n. Heterogeneous nouns (Gram.), nouns
having different genders in the singular and plural numbers; as, hic
locus, of the masculine gender in the singular, and hi loci and hæc
loca, both masculine and neuter in the plural; hoc cælum, neuter in
the singular; hi cæli, masculine in the plural.
 -- Heterogeneous quantities (Math.), such quantities as are
incapable of being compared together in respect to magnitude, and
surfaces and solids.
 -- Heterogeneous surds (Math.), surds having different radical
signs.

Enter a word: wrong
WRONG
Wrong, obs.

Defn: imp. of Wring. Wrung. Chaucer.

WRONG
Wrong, a. Etym: [OE. wrong, wrang, a. & n., AS. wrang, n.;
originally, awry, wrung, fr. wringan to wring; akin to D. wrang
bitter, Dan. vrang wrong, Sw. vrång, Icel. rangr awry, wrong. See
Wring.]

1. Twisted; wry; as, a wrong nose. [Obs.] Wyclif (Lev. xxi. 19).

2. Not according to the laws of good morals, whether divine or human;
not suitable to the highest and best end; not morally right;
deviating from rectitude or duty; not just or equitable; not true;
not legal; as, a wrong practice; wrong ideas; wrong inclinations and
desires.

3. Not fit or suitable to an end or object; not appropriate for an
intended use; not according to rule; unsuitable; improper; incorrect;
as, to hold a book with the wrong end uppermost; to take the wrong
way.
I have deceived you both; I have directed you to wrong places. Shak.

4. Not according to truth; not conforming to fact or intent; not
right; mistaken; erroneous; as, a wrong statement.

5. Designed to be worn or placed inward; as, the wrong side of a
garment or of a piece of cloth.

Syn.
 -- Injurious; unjust; faulty; detrimental; incorrect; erroneous;
unfit; unsuitable.

WRONG
Wrong, adv.

Defn: In a wrong manner; not rightly; amiss; morally ill;
erroneously; wrongly.
Ten censure wrong for one that writes amiss. Pope.

WRONG
Wrong, n. Etym: [AS. wrang. See Wrong, a.]

Defn: That which is not right. Specifically:
(a) Nonconformity or disobedience to lawful authority, divine or
human; deviation from duty; -- the opposite of moral Ant: right.
When I had wrong and she the right. Chaucer.
One spake much of right and wrong. Milton.

(b) Deviation or departure from truth or fact; state of falsity;
error; as, to be in the wrong.
(c) Whatever deviates from moral rectitude; usually, an act that
involves evil consequences, as one which inflicts injury on a person;
any injury done to, or received from; another; a trespass; a
violation of right.
Friend, I do thee no wrong. Matt. xx. 18.
As the king of England can do no wrong, so neither can he do right
but in his courts and by his courts. Milton.
The obligation to redress a wrong is at least as binding as that of
paying a debt. E. Evereth.

Note: Wrongs, legally, are private or public. Private wrongs are
civil injuries, immediately affecting individuals; public wrongs are
crimes and misdemeanors which affect the community. Blackstone.

WRONG
Wrong, v. t. [imp. & p. p. Wronged; p. pr. & vb. n. Wronging.]

1. To treat with injustice; to deprive of some right, or to withhold
some act of justice from; to do undeserved harm to; to deal unjustly
with; to injure.
He that sinneth . . . wrongeth his own soul. Prov. viii. 36.

2. To impute evil to unjustly; as, if you suppose me capable of a
base act, you wrong me.
I rather choose To wrong the dead, to wrong myself and you, Than I
will wrong such honorable men. Shak.

Enter a word: question
QUESTION
Ques"tion, n. Etym: [F., fr. L. quaestio, fr. quaerere, quaesitum, to
seek for, ask, inquire. See Quest, n.]

1. The act of asking; interrogation; inquiry; as, to examine by
question and answer.

2. Discussion; debate; hence, objection; dispute; doubt; as, the
story is true beyond question; he obeyed without question.
There arose a question between some of John's disciples and the Jews
about purifying. John iii. 25.
It is to be to question, whether it be lawful for Christian princes
to make an invasive war simply for the propagation of the faith.
Bacon.

3. Examination with reference to a decisive result; investigation;
specifically, a judicial or official investigation; also, examination
under torture. Blackstone.
He that was in question for the robbery. Shak. The Scottish privy
council had power to put state prisoners to the question. Macaulay.

4. That which is asked; inquiry; interrogatory; query.
But this question asked Puts me in doubt. Lives there who loves his
pain Milton.

5. Hence, a subject of investigation, examination, or debate; theme
of inquiry; matter to be inquired into; as, a delicate or doubtful
question.

6. Talk; conversation; speech; speech.[Obs.] Shak. In question, in
debate; in the course of examination or discussion; as, the matter or
point in question.
 -- Leading question. See under Leading.
 -- Out of question, unquestionably. "Out of question, 't is Maria's
hand." Shak.
 -- Out of the question. See under Out.
 -- Past question, beyond question; certainly; undoubtedly;
unquestionably.
 -- Previous question, a question put to a parliamentary assembly
upon the motion of a member, in order to ascertain whether it is the
will of the body to vote at once, without further debate, on the
subject under consideration.

Note: The form of the question is: "Shall the main question be now
put" If the vote is in the affirmative, the matter before the body
must be voted upon as it then stands, without further general debate
or the submission of new amendments. In the House of Representatives
of the United States, and generally in America, a negative decision
operates to keep the business before the body as if the motion had
not been made; but in the English Parliament, it operates to postpone
consideration for the day, and until the subject may be again
introduced. In American practice, the object of the motion is to
hasten action, and it is made by a friend of the measure. In English
practice, the object is to get rid of the subject for the time being,
and the motion is made with a purpose of voting against it. Cushing.
 -- To beg the question. See under Beg.
 -- To the question, to the point in dispute; to the real matter
under debate.

Syn.
 -- Point; topic; subject.

QUESTION
Ques"tion, v. i. [imp. & p. p. Questioned; p. pr. & vb. n.
Questioning.] Etym: [Cf. F. questionner. See Question, n.]

1. To ask questions; to inquire.
He that questioneth much shall lean much. Bacon.

2. To argue; to converse; to dispute. [Obs.]
I pray you, think you question with the Jew. Shak.

QUESTION
Ques"tion, v. t.

1. To inquire of by asking questions; to examine by interrogatories;
as, to question a witness.

2. To doubt of; to be uncertain of; to query.
And most we question what we most desire. Prior.

3. To raise a question about; to call in question; to make objection
to. "But have power and right to question thy bold entrance on this
place." Milton.

4. To talk to; to converse with.
With many holiday and lady terms he questioned me. Shak.

Syn.
 -- To ask; interrogate; catechise; doubt; controvert; dispute.
 -- Question, Inquire, Interrogate. To inquire is merely to ask for
information, and implies no authority in the one who asks. To
interrogate is to put repeated questions in a formal or systematic
fashion to elicit some particular fact or facts. To question has a
wider sense than to interrogate, and often implies an attitude of
distrust or opposition on the part of the questioner.

Enter a word: eat
EAT
Eat, v. t. [imp. Ate, Obsolescent & Colloq. Eat (; p. p. Eaten, Obs.
or Colloq. Eat (p. pr. & vb. n. Eating.] Etym: [OE. eten, AS. etan;
akin to OS. etan, OFries. eta, D. eten, OHG. ezzan, G. essen, Icel.
eta, Sw. äta, Dan. æde, Goth. itan, Ir. & Gael. ith, W. ysu, L.
edere, Gr. ad. Etch, Fret to rub, Edible.]

1. To chew and swallow as food; to devour; -- said especially of food
not liquid; as, to eat bread. "To eat grass as oxen." Dan. iv. 25.
They . . . ate the sacrifices of the dead. Ps. cvi. 28.
The lean . . . did eat up the first seven fat kine. Gen. xli. 20.
The lion had not eaten the carcass. 1 Kings xiii. 28.
With stories told of many a feat, How fairy Mab junkets eat. Milton.
The island princes overbold Have eat our substance. Tennyson.
His wretched estate is eaten up with mortgages. Thackeray.

2. To corrode, as metal, by rust; to consume the flesh, as a cancer;
to waste or wear away; to destroy gradually; to cause to disappear.
To eat humble pie. See under Humble.
 -- To eat of (partitive use). "Eat of the bread that can not waste."
Keble.
 -- To eat one's words, to retract what one has said. (See the
Citation under Blurt.) -- To eat out, to consume completely. "Eat out
the heart and comfort of it." Tillotson.
 -- To eat the wind out of a vessel (Naut.), to gain slowly to
windward of her.

Syn.
 -- To consume; devour; gnaw; corrode.

EAT
Eat, v. i.

1. To take food; to feed; especially, to take solid, in distinction
from liquid, food; to board.
He did eat continually at the king's table. 2 Sam. ix. 13.

2. To taste or relish; as, it eats like tender beef.

3. To make one's way slowly. To eat, To eat in or into, to make way
by corrosion; to gnaw; to consume. "A sword laid by, which eats into
itself." Byron.
 -- To eat to windward (Naut.), to keep the course when closehauled
with but little steering; -- said of a vessel.

Enter a word: yet
YET
Yet, n. (Zoöl.)

Defn: Any one of several species of large marine gastropods belonging
to the genus Yetus, or Cymba; a boat shell.

YET
Yet, adv. Etym: [OE. yet, ýet, ýit, AS. git, gyt, giet, gieta; akin
to OFries. ieta, eta, ita, MHG. iezuo, ieze, now, G. jetzo, jetzt.]

1. In addition; further; besides; over and above; still. "A little
longer; yet a little longer." Dryden.
This furnishes us with yet one more reason why our savior, lays such
a particular stress acts of mercy. Atterbury.
The rapine is made yet blacker by the pretense of piety and justice.
L'Estrange.

2. At the same time; by continuance from a former state; still.
Facts they had heard while they were yet heathens. Addison.

3. Up to the present time; thus far; hitherto; until now; -- and with
the negative, not yet, not up to the present time; not as soon as
now; as, Is it time to go Not yet. See As yet, under As, conj.
Ne never yet no villainy ne said. Chaucer.

4. Before some future time; before the end; eventually; in time. "He
'll be hanged yet." Shak.

5. Even; -- used emphatically.
Men may not too rashly believe the confessions of witches, nor yet
the evidence against them. Bacon.

YET
Yet, conj.

Defn: Nevertheless; notwithstanding; however.
Yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not
arrayed like one of these. Matt. vi. 29.

Syn.
 -- See However.

Enter a word: chips
CHIPS
Chips, n. (Naut.)

Defn: A ship's carpenter. [Cant.]

Enter a word: glasses
GLASSES not found. Perhaps you misspelled it.
